Hi bill,How are you doing bro? I hope you has an awesome weekend!Last week seemed to pass so quickly since we had Monday off. One negative thing from last week was not wearing a jacket, one day, when going outside. It was irresponsible of me and now my voice is a little hoarse. The reason it is slightly annoying is because I have to give a speech tomorrow evening and I want to be able to project my voice loudly. One positive thing about last week was having Monday off. I was able to get some extra rest and spend time doing things that make me happy, like reading. By the time I went back to work on Tuesday I had a lot of energy and was ready to do well. This prompt on having a "Growth Mindset" is a very powerful one. You have mentioned that you would like to be successful and your mindset will be crucial in helping you achieve that. I have seen you use a Growth Mindset on more than one occasion and I look forward to seeing you continue. Two examples that comes to my mind is first the time where you decided to read your answers in front of everyone at one of our imentor events. Another example is the fact that your emails keep getting more and more polished. This shows that you realize that in order to get better at something you have to continually work at it. I am proud of you.I define a Growth Mindset as a mindset that takes into account all of your strengths and areas for improvement. Taking an honest assessment of yourself helps you recognize your potential and attract opportunities that will foster your growth. Anything is possible as long as you are willing to work hard. Intelligence is developed by constantly taking steps to increase your knowledge. Are you willing to work hard repetitively? I think Michael Jordan and Tiger Woods are perfect examples of how having a Growth Mindset works. Most people are afraid of hard work, but these men knew that it was essential if they wanted to be the best at their craft. "Outliers" is a great book that goes into a lot of detail on this topic. I know you like sports. Here is a quote from Larry Bird "A winner is someone who recognizes his God-given talents, works his tail off to develop them into skills, and uses these skills to accomplish his goals." I heard that he used to shoot about 100 shots with each hand during practice! bill, this means that if you wanted to be better than him all you would have to do is commit yourself to shooting more than that every single day. In my mind being born with a gift is only the starting point. It takes commitment, commitment, commitment to make yourself outstanding.I completely live by a Growth mindset. A personal example from my life happened in college. I thought I was doing extremely well. My grades were good and I had led a number of organizations on campus. I was even recognized for different awards. One day my teacher pulled me to the side and told me that she thought I should stay far away from the work world because I was not "ready." After asking her what she meant she told me I was not convincing when I spoke in public and I should take time to enhance that skill. Of course this upset me but I decided to not let it dictate my future. I decided that I was going to get better no matter what and I have done tremendously in the past year. I simply refused to accept that some people were naturally better speakers than others. I knew that public speaking, like anything else could be improved through hard work and consistent dedication.Send me an email man, I would love to hear from you! New Word Stagnant Not advancing or developingbill knew that refusing to enhance his Growth Mindset would make him stagnant. Best Regards,joe 